# The Ins & Outs of Systems Diagrams
You've seen all the pieces. You've talked with all the people. You have *copious* notes. You even have a great idea for how to structure a wiki that would help your Team capture critical tacit information--ultimately saving everyone time and energy while improving the quality of your product and process. It seems like such a win! But...the System is so big--there are too many details for one person to put them all in the wiki. And even if one person could--what if no one uses it. Somehow, the whole Team is going to have to get engaged with the documentation.

Detachment from Documentation is common for Teams working on technical projects, but there is a tool that consistently increases the likelihood of team members being actively engaged with the Documentation Process--that tool is the **Systems Diagram**. Readers of this repo will see examples of how a Collaboratively Built Systems Diagram encourages a Team to be more involved with documenting a system. It covers how to facilitate a Collaborative Design Session such that everyone not only has a deeper understanding but also feels more compelled to keep information about the system up to date. There will be a showcase of good and *"less helpful"* Systems Diagrams along with some key takeaways about how to connect the Systems Diagram to other Documentation, Workflows, and more! Keep reading to amplify your Diagramming Skills or simply to enjoy the captivating information held within a Systems Diagram.
